gh-132111: Document dataclasses.InitVar (#132446)
python/cpython: Doc/library/dataclasses.rst

   Other attributes may exist, but they are private and must not be
   inspected or relied on.

.. class:: InitVar

>    ``InitVar[T]`` type hints describe variables that are :ref:`init-only <dataclasses-init-only-variables>`.
>    Fields annotated with :class:`!InitVar` are considered pseudo fields, thus are not returned by :func:`fields`
>    function and are not used in any way except passing them to
>    :meth:`~object.__init__` and optional :meth:`__post_init__`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``InitVar[T]`` type hints describe variables that are :ref:`init-only
   <dataclasses-init-only-variables>`.
   Fields annotated with :class:`!InitVar` are considered pseudo-fields,
   and thus are neither returned by the :func:`fields` function nor used
   in any way except passing them to :meth:`~object.__init__` and an
   optional :meth:`__post_init__`.
```

Technically, `__post_init__` is a function not a method but Sphinx is still able to resolve the link even if `__post_init__` is not a method of `InitVar`.

Author: I followed the way how `__post_init__` was already documented on this page

Reviewer: Yes, but actually I'm surprised that it works...

   Other attributes may exist, but they are private and must not be
   inspected or relied on.

.. class:: InitVar

>    ``InitVar[T]`` type hints describe variables that are :ref:`init-only

Reviewer 2: For consistency with the surrounding docs, which use the term "type annotation":
```suggestion
   ``InitVar[T]`` type annotations describe variables that are :ref:`init-only
```

>    :ref:`init-only <dataclasses-init-only-variables>`. Fields annotated with :class:`!InitVar`

Reviewer: The purpose of my rewording was to be sure that we don't exceed 80 chars per line, including indentation. Note that Sphinx supports splitting before `<` in `ref` so its' fine.

   are considered pseudo-fields, and thus are neither returned by the
   :func:`fields` function nor used in any way except passing them to

>    :meth:`~object.__init__` and an optional :meth:`__post_init__`.

Reviewer 3: I don't really like "except passing them to `__init__`".  No dataclasses code is calling `__init__`. I think maybe it should say something along the lines of "adding them as parameters to `__init__` and passing them to an optional `__post_init__`". Although nothing is special about adding them to `__init__`, so maybe that's not the best language, either.

Author: > adding them as parameters to __init__

My bad(, the [Init-only variables section](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html#init-only-variables) says exactly that: "Init-only fields are added as parameters to the generated `__init__`". Let's keep the wording consistent

Reviewer 3: Thanks.
